[TASK] Deprecate plugin content element and plugin subtypes (list_type) (#4821)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/ContentElements/ContentElementsWizard.rst

Plain content elements or plugins
=================================

> You can add a content element or plain plugin (non-Extbase) using method

Reviewer: For me it look ugly. What about:

```suggestion
You can add a content element or plain plugin (no Extbase) using method
```

The key `value` in the parameter `$itemArray` is used as key of the newly added
content element representing the plugin.

When you are using `CType` for parameter `$type` the content
element is added to the select item list of column `CType` in table `tt_content`.

..  deprecated:: 13.4
    Using the default `list_type` for the parameter is deprecated. All content

>     elements and plugins should be added as sing `CType` for parameter `$type`.

Reviewer: `sing`? La la lala la laaaa `string`? `single`?

>     elements and plugins should be added as sing `CType` for parameter `$type`.

Author: ```suggestion
    elements and plugins should be added with string `CType` for parameter `$type`.
```
